individually-wrapped to stay fresh these
cakes are just the right size for a
quick snack when Mary Antoinette said
let them eat cake she probably didn't
mean jam roly-poly still in the world of
treats for the sweet tooth snack cakes
have been revolutionary
veteran snackers will recognize this as
a Swiss roll sponge cake rolled up with
Jam and a creamy filling first the
factory bakes the sponge cake it comes
out of the oven in continuous strips
those moving arms align the strips to
receive the fillings one machine then
does it all
first it deposits an even layer of cream
filling
then blobs of strawberry jam now the
rolling begins one side of the cake
strip runs against the metal guide this
lifts and folds over the edge then the
cake strip runs against the second guide
which rolls it over some more now the
machine cuts the continuous strip into
separate cakes then an automated roller
completes the locks
now it's time for a bit of Rollie pollie
the cakes go onto a conveyor belt that
positions them closely together aligning
them for the next phase of production
they travel through a waterfall of
strawberry flavored syrup this sticky
coating acts as a tasty glue to adhere
the shredded coconut that showers them
next the conveyor belt shakes off the
excess which like the excess strawberry
syrup before gets fed through the
machine again
now if all this doesn't get your sweet
tooth tingling this next cake will it's
a chocolate cream cake covered in a
chocolate coating production begins in
the mixer where they combine eggs a
vegetable oil mixture flour sugar water
glucose a liquid sweetener and cocoa
powder the mixer blends the ingredients
at high speed for one minute then it
pumps the batter into a machine called
the automated depositor which squirts
the butter into cake molds the conveyor
belt transports the mold pans to another
where the batter bakes for seven minutes
to achieve just the right texture
there's a very specific heating pattern
once the pans exit the oven a robot
flips the cakes upside down onto a
conveyor belt
it stacks the empty mold pans on to
another conveyor belt that sends them
back for more batter now the cakes flip
right-side up onto a wire conveyor belt
air circulating between the wires cools
the cakes the next machine aligns the
cakes in position for the next phase of
production first thin blade saw the
cakes in home then suction tubes remove
the tops and place them next to the
bottoms
next the machine drops a portion of
cream filling onto each bottom the cream
is about the consistency of marcha read
as the feeder tube above each cake
delivers it a wire cutter slices off a
piece about six millimeters thick then
the suction tubes put the tops back on
now the cakes passed through a shower of
hot chocolate flavored liquid this coats
the top and sides at the same time the
cakes travel through a bath of the
liquid this coats the underside let's
blow off the excess
the cakes pass through a cooling tunnel
this hardens the chocolate flavored
coating then it's off to the packaging
Department the cakes file into a sheet
of polypropylene film the machine seals
then cuts the film between each cake
this keeps each one fresh until snack
time